Lesson 4 improvements + some (#177)
CodeYourFuture/syllabus: docs/git/cli/homework.md

---
id: homework
title: Homework
sidebar_label: Homework
---

## 1) Read the Lesson Page Content (60 minutes)

> Before starting this coursework, read through the lesson and complete the exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting this coursework, read through the lesson and read the cheat-sheet.
```

There aren't any exercises in the lesson, but we should make sure they read the cheat-sheet, rather than just acknowledging it's there :)

https://syllabus.codeyourfuture.io/git/terminal/lesson

## 2) Git and Github for Poets (3 Hours)

This video series gives you a good introduction to lots of different Git concepts on the command line. You might recognise the presenter from the Terminal week!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCQHnlnPusY&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZF9C0YMKuns9sLDzK6zoiV

> Watch all 11 videos in the series, taking notes when you don't understand something.

Reviewer: This includes merge conflicts - do we maybe want to stop after video 7 or 8?
